docs: basic view components documentation (#1891)
pankod/refine: documentation/docs/ui-frameworks/mui/components/basic-views/show.md

---
id: show
title: Show
---

import cardHeaderProps from '@site/static/img/guides-and-concepts/basic-views/show/cardHeaderProps.png'
import actionButtonsUsage from '@site/static/img/guides-and-concepts/basic-views/show/actionButtonsUsageMui.png'

> `<Show>` provides us a layout for displaying the page. It does not contain any logic but adds extra functionalities like a refresh button or giving title to the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<Show>` provides us a layout for displaying the page. It does not contain any logic but adds extra functionalities like a `<RefreshButton />` or giving `title` to the page.
```
